Tables/Query Panels: Step and custom step UI (#1276)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/tables/visualize-tables.md

* **explore two tables independently**: scroll through and focus on the side/rows of interest

> ## Visualize how values change throughout your runs

Reviewer: Is this actually "during a run"?

Author: The idea is to compare different runs. E.g. Suppose you run the same script twice but you changed a single hyperparameter. You would use this feature to compare each step (or whatever unit you chose) to see how the runs compare. E.g. Step 1 of Run A vs Step 1 of Run B.

Reviewer: So you are still comparing two runs, that still doesn't seem like "throughout your runs" exactly.

View how values you log to a table change throughout your runs with a step slider. Slide the step slider to view the values logged at different steps. For example, you can view how the loss, accuracy, or other metrics change after each run. 

> Each call to `wandb.log()` in your Python script creates a value known as a step (`_step`). By default, W&B uses `_step` values as the units, or key, of the slider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each call to `wandb.log()` in your Python script creates a value known as a step (`_step`). By default, the slider moves backward and forward by `_step` increments. each time the slider is increm` values as the units, or key, of the slider. 
```

> Each call to `wandb.log()` in your Python script creates a value known as a step (`_step`). By default, W&B uses `_step` values as the units, or key, of the slider. 

Reviewer: This is a little confusing. I think maybe it would be helpful to explain how the slider works (given any key) separately from what key it uses by default. Actually using the slider is probably easier than explaining it, just like board game instructions.

> The following procedure outlines how to create a step slider in a W&B Table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following procedure outlines how to add a step slider to a W&B Table:
```
Is it really a Table panel?

> The slider uses a key to determine the step value. By default, the step slider uses the `_step` key, which is a special key that W&B automatically logs for you. The `_step` key is a numeric value that increments by 1 each time you call `wandb.log()` in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slider uses a key to determine the step value. The default key for the slider is `_step`, a special key that W&B automatically logs for you. The `_step` key is an integer that increments by 1 each time you call `wandb.log()` in your code.
```

> The following procedure outlines how to add a step slider to a W&B Table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a step slider to a W&B Table:
```

1. Navigate to your project's workspace.

> 2. Click on the **Add panel** button in the top right corner of the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add panel** in the top right corner of the workspace.
```

3. Select **Query panel**.
4. Within the query expression editor, select `runs` and press **Enter** on your keyboard.

> 5. Click on the gear icon to view the **Query Panel Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the gear icon to view the settings for the panel.
```

> 6. Click the dropdown next to the **Render As** field and select **Stepper**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Set **Render As** selector to **Stepper**.
```

> 7. Click the dropdown next to the **Stepper Key** field and select `_step` or any other key you want to use the unit of the step slider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Set **Stepper Key** to `_step` or the key to use as the unit for the step slider.
```
You could link to the Custom Step Keys section below.

The following image shows a query panel with three W&B runs and the values they logged at step 295.

{{< img src="/images/data_vis/stepper_key.png" alt="Query panel with three W&B runs and the values they logged at step 295 using the step slider feature.">}}

> Within the W&B App UI you may notice duplicate values for multiple steps. This duplication can occur if multiple runs log the same value at different steps, or if a run does not log values at every step. If a value is missing for a given step, W&B use the closest earlier slider key value that was logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the W&B App, you may notice duplicate values for multiple steps. This duplication can occur if multiple runs log the same value at different steps, or if a run does not log values at every step. If a value is missing for a given step, W&B use the closest earlier slider key value that was logged.
```
"closest" could be ambiguous. I'm not 100% sure how to interpret it.

> ### Custom step keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom step key
```

> You can use any numeric metric that you log in your runs as the step key, such as `epoch` or `global_step`. When you use a custom step key, W&B maps each value of that key to a step (`_step`) in the run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The step key can be any numeric metric that your runs log, such as `epoch` or `global_step`. When you use a custom step key, W&B maps each value of that key to a step (`_step`) in the run.
```

> The table below shows how a custom step key `epoch` maps to `_step` values for three different runs: `serene-sponge`, `lively-frog`, and `vague-cloud`. Each row represents a call to `wandb.log()` at a particular `_step` in a run. The columns show the corresponding epoch values, if any, that were logged at those steps. Some `_step` values are omitted to save space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table below shows how a custom step key `epoch` maps to `_step` values for three different runs: `serene-sponge`, `lively-frog`, and `vague-cloud`. Each row represents a call to `wandb.log()` at a particular `_step` in a run. The columns show the corresponding epoch values, if any, that were logged at those steps. Some `_step` values are omitted to save space.
```

The first time `wandb.log` was called, none of the runs logged an `epoch` value, so the table shows empty values for `epoch`. 

| `_step` | vague-cloud (`epoch`) | lively-frog(`epoch`) |  serene-sponge (`epoch`) |
| ------- | ------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| 1 | | |  |
| 2  |   |   | 1  | 
| 4  |   | 1 | 2  |
| 5  | 1 |   |  |
| 6  |  |   | 3  |
| 8  |  | 2 | 4  |
| 10 |  |   | 5  |
| 12 |  | 3 | 6  |
| 14 |  |   |  7 | 
| 15 | 2  |   |  |
| 16 |  | 4 | 8  | 
| 18 |  |   | 9  |
| 20 | 3 | 5 | 10 |

> This means that if the slider is set to `epoch = 1`, the following happens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, if the slider is set to `epoch = 1`, the following happens:
```

* `vague-cloud` finds `epoch = 1` and returns `_step = 5`
* `lively-frog` finds `epoch = 1` and returns `_step = 4`
* `serene-sponge` finds `epoch = 1` and returns `_step = 2`

If the slider is set to `epoch = 9`:

* `vague-cloud` also doesn't log `epoch = 9`, so W&B uses the latest prior value `epoch = 3` and returns `_step = 20`
* `lively-frog` doesn’t log `epoch = 9`, but the latest prior value is `epoch = 5` so it returns `_step = 20`

> * `serene-sponge` finds `epoch = 9` and return `_step = 18`

Reviewer 2: This might make it too wordy, so I have no strong preference either way, but would it be more accurate to say that we're returning the log or the logged values at `_step = x` and not just the `_step` itself?

<!-- | | |
| ---- | ---- |
| Run History Tables Stepper | |
| Run History Plots Stepper | |
| Stepper | | -->

> ## Compare artifacts

Reviewer: Maybe this is my own confusion, but the subsections mention comparing tables when I would expect them to mention comparing artifacts.

Author: To make it more clear, it might be useful to say "comparing artifacts in a table".  You can use tables to compare artifacts.

Reviewer: Or "Use Tables to compare artifacts"?

Author: Jira ticket to update subsections: https://wandb.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-1487 (assigned to myself)
